callingCprogramsFunction/README.md, before:

## Calling C function from JavaScript Code
When we want to call a custom function we need specify as a Exported function while compiling with emscripten, also when we will be doing so, we need to specify the main function too otherwise it will be eliminated as dead code Export it if you want main() to run.

### Reading String return from C function

When we call a `C function` let `_greetX()` then a pointer to that message/string is being returned, to read that `Memory location` it privide an inbuild function called `   ccall()   `.  

Command to Export function is as such:
### Compilation
```
emcc forLoop.c -s WASM=1 -s EXPORTED_FUNCTIONS='['_wCount', '_main', '_greetX']'  -o forLoop.js
```
It will export wcount and main function specified in our c code and a `  wasm  ` file which will have all our logic and a `   js   ` file which is a glue code help to load wasm to browser, here we need to include only js file to our `   HTML  ` file.

</br>


### Serving files

To start a inbuilt server provided by Emscripten itself used Command:
```
emrun --no_browser --port 8080 index.html
```

Commit message:

Passing String/Number Argument and Wrapping a funcion using cwrap

callingCprogramsFunction/README.md, after:

## Calling C function from JavaScript Code
When we want to call a custom function we need specify as a Exported function while compiling with emscripten, also when we will be doing so, we need to specify the main function too otherwise it will be eliminated as dead code Export it if you want main() to run.

### Reading String return from C function

When we call a `C function` let `_greetX()` then a pointer to that message/string is being returned, to read that `Memory location` it privide an inbuild function called `   ccall()   `.  

### Passing an arguments string/number using `ccall`
When we call `_greetX` function it return a pointer to a Memory location, and when we pass a parameter to it, it simply ignored it. To pass string/number as a parameter we can use `  ccall  ` as such:
```
ccall('Function Name', 'Return Type', ['Parameter Type'], [Parameter])

For argument of string type: ccall('greetX', 'string', ['string'], ['stringParameter'])
For argument of number type: ccall('wCount', 'number', ['number'], [1])

```

### Wrapping a function using `cwrap`

As we can see that whenever we need to call a function i.e. `greetX` with some parameter we need to specify return type, parameter type, etc, so to make it easier we can use function `cwrap` which will wrap it up, and we can use it for a normal function calling.

```
const wGreet = cwrap('greetX', 'string', ['string']);

wGreet('String Parameter');
```

Command to Export function is as such:
### Compilation
```
emcc forLoop.c -s WASM=1 -s EXPORTED_FUNCTIONS='['_wCount', '_main', '_greetX']'  -o forLoop.js
```
It will export wcount and main function specified in our c code and a `  wasm  ` file which will have all our logic and a `   js   ` file which is a glue code help to load wasm to browser, here we need to include only js file to our `   HTML  ` file.

</br>


### Serving files

To start a inbuilt server provided by Emscripten itself used Command:
```
emrun --no_browser --port 8080 index.html
```
